docs: updat cli section (#358)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/guide/index.md

## Command Line Interface

> In a project where Vitest is installed, you can use the `vitest` binary in your npm scripts, or run it directly with `npx vitest`. Here are the default npm scripts in a scaffolded Vite project:

Reviewer: In a scaffolded "Vitest" project not "Vite".

Author: I'll add that

}
```

> To run tests once without watching for file changes, pass `--run`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run tests once without watching for file changes, use `vitest run`.
```
